Loader: Intro, `fabric.mod.json`, Dependency Overrides (#557)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/loader/fabric-mod-json.md

---
title: fabric.mod.json
description: A guide to the `fabric.mod.json` specification.
authors:
  - cassiancc
  - falseresync
  - jamieswhiteshirt
  - IMB11
  - SolidBlock-cn
authors-nogithub:
  - skyland1a
resources:
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/dev/1.15/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java: Source Code for fabric.mod.json v1 Spec
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin/blob/master/README.md: Fabric Language Kotlin's Language Provider
  https://spdx.org/licenses/: SPDX License Identifiers
  https://semver.org/: Semantic Versioning
  https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/: Semantic Version Comparison Tool
---

> The `fabric.mod.json` file is a metadata file used by Fabric Loader to load mods. In order to be loaded, a mod must have this file with the exact name placed in the root directory of the mod JAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fabric.mod.json` file is a metadata file used by Fabric Loader to load mods. It must be placed in the JAR's root directory for the mod to get loaded.
```

> A `fabric.mod.json` comes included in the `src/main/resources` folder of the template mod, and can be [generated via Fabric Loom](../loom/tasks#fabric-mod-json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A predefined `fabric.mod.json` file is included in the template mod, or it can be [generated by Fabric Loom](../loom/tasks#fabric-mod-json).

You can consult the [full specification for `fabric.mod.json` v1](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/-/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java)).
```

`-` is the default branch (the latest version) in GitHub. You should also change the frontmatter link.

If, on the other hand, locking it to a specific version is desired, replace `-` with `dev/1.15`.

## Mandatory Fields {#mandatory-fields}

> - **`schemaVersion`** Must be the first entry and must always be `1`. Required for Fabric Loader to parse the file correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`schemaVersion`**: must be the first entry, must have value `1`. Required for Fabric Loader to parse the file correctly.
```

Does it really have to be the first entry? Order shouldn't matter in JSON objects:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16870416

Author: Modmuss told me it had to be the first entry otherwise Loom will have to parse the whole thing twice. I don't know.

Why are we changing capitalization here?

Reviewer: > Why are we changing capitalization here?

yea don't bother.

Reviewer 2: > Modmuss told me it had to be the first entry otherwise Loom will have to parse the whole thing twice. I don't know.

That's correct. Loader has extra logic to handle cases where it isn't the first entry, and it's a slower path that parses twice.

Technically it's not a _must_, but definitely a _should_.

Reviewer 3: Loom also has a optimizer that can move it to the first spot iirc?

> - **`id`** A string value that defines the mod's identifier - allowed characters include Latin letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens, with length from 2 to 64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`id`** A string value that defines the mod's identifier. Must start with a letter. May only contain ASCII letters, digits, underscores, or hyphens. 2 to 64 characters.
```

Ummm akshually :nerd_face: :point_up: "Latin letters" would not include J, U, W

- **`version`** A string value that defines the mod's version, expected to match the [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/) specification.

```json
"schemaVersion": 1,
"id": "example-mod",
"version": "1.0.0"
```

## Optional Fields {#optional-fields}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Since there's a Mandatory section already, I think this adds a level of indentation that is unnecessary. not sure tho

if accepted, should also unindent everything below

### Mod Loading {#mod-loading}

#### Environment {#environment}

- **`environment`**: A string value that defines which environments the mod should be run on:
  - **`*`**: Runs in all environments. Default.
  - **`client`**: Runs on the physical client side. If set, your mod will not be loaded on dedicated servers.

>   - **`server`**: Runs on the physical server side. If set, your mod will not be loaded on clients or in singleplayer.

Reviewer: so it won't load in [integrated singleplayer servers](https://docs.fabricmc.net/develop/networking#:~:text=integrated%20singleplayer)? that's interesting... not even LAN?

Author: Nope, dedicated servers only. This trips up people a lot.

```json
"environment": "*"
```

#### Entrypoints {#entrypoints}

> - **`entrypoints`** An object that defines the main classes of your mod. that will be loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`entrypoints`** An object that defines the main classes that your mod will load.
```

  - **`main`** An array of string class names that implement `ModInitializer`.

>   - **`client`** An array of string class names that implement `ClientModInitializer`. This entrypoint is run after `main` and only on the physical client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **`client`** An array of string class names that implement `ClientModInitializer`. This entrypoint is run after `main`, and only on the physical client side.
```

>   - **`server`** An array of string class names that implement `DedicatedServerModInitializer`. This entrypoint is run after `main` and only on the physical server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **`server`** An array of string class names that implement `DedicatedServerModInitializer`. This entrypoint is run after `main`, and only on the physical server side.
```

what does physical imply here?

Reviewer 3: That the game is running from the server jar, and not the client jar. The other would be logical server, which instead refers to network side

Reviewer: ah, that's the key! ty

> Fabric provides three main entrypoints, but other mods may provide their own (i.e. `fabric-datagen` provided by Fabric API). Each entry point can contain any number of classes to load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fabric Loader provides those three main entrypoints, but other mods may provide their own. For example, Fabric API also provides `fabric-datagen`.
```

> Classes (or methods or static fields) could be defined in two ways. If you're using Java, then just list the classes (or else) full names. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entrypoint can load multiple classes, and even methods or static fields. For example:
```

```json
"main": [
    "net.fabricmc.example.ExampleMod",
    "net.fabricmc.example.ExampleMod::handle"
]
```

> If you're using any other language, consult the language adapter's documentation. The Kotlin one can be found on [Fabric Language Kotlin's README](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin/blob/master/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip

If you're not using Java, you should consult the language adapter's documentation. For Kotlin, that's in the [Fabric Language Kotlin's README](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin/blob/master/README.md).

:::
```

> #### Jars {#jars}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JARs {#jars}
```

> - **`jars`**: An array of nested JARs inside your mod's JAR to load. When using Loom, using `include` on your dependencies will automatically populate this. Each entry is an object containing `file` key. That should be a path inside your mod's JAR to the nested JAR. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`jars`**: An array of JARs to be nested inside your mod. When using `include` on your dependencies, Loom will automatically populate this. Each entry is an object containing a `file` key, with a path to the nested JAR from within your mod's. For example:
```

Is this relevant?
https://docs.fabricmc.net/develop/loom/#configurations

Also, in that page, should `mappings` be removed?

Author: I don't want to leave something out of what is a specification page.

I would not remove it - the most I would do is split it into a subheading for `fabric-loom-remap` dependency configurations alongside `modImplementation`.

```json
"jars": [
   {
      "file": "nested/vendor/dependency.jar"
   }
]
```

> #### Language Adapaters {#language-adapters}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Language Adapters {#language-adapters}
```

- **`languageAdapters`**: A dictionary of classes that implement `LanguageAdapter`.

```json
"languageAdapters": {
   "kotlin": "net.fabricmc.language.kotlin.KotlinAdapter"
}
```

#### Mixins {#mixins}

> - **`mixins`**: A list of mixin configuration files. Each entry is the path to the mixin configuration file inside your mod's JAR or an object containing following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`mixins`**: A list of mixin configuration files. Each entry is either a path to a mixin configuration file within your mod's JAR, or an object containing the following fields:
```

  - **`config`**: The path to the mixin configuration file inside your mod's JAR.

>   - **`environment`**: The same as upper level **environment** field. See above. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **`environment`**: Behaves just like the [upper level **environment** field](#environment). For example:
```

```json
"mixins": [
   "modid.mixins.json",
   {
      "config": "modid.client-mixins.json",
      "environment": "client"

>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   "example-mod.mixins.json",
   {
      "config": "example-mod.client-mixins.json",
      "environment": "client"
   }
```

]
```

#### Access Wideners {#accesswideners}

> - **`accessWidener`**: A string identifying an [access widener or class tweaker](../class-tweakers/index) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`accessWidener`**: A string identifying an [access widener or class tweaker](../class-tweakers/) file.
```

```json
"accessWidener": "example-mod.classtweaker"
```

#### Provides {#provides}

> - **`provides`**： An array of mod ids that can be used as the aliases for the mod. Fabric Loader will treat these ids as mods that exist. If there are other mods using that id, they will not be loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`provides`**： An array of mod IDs that will be aliases for the mod. Fabric Loader will treat these IDs as if the respective mods exist. If any other mod uses one of them, it will not be loaded.
```

Fields:

- **`name`** A mandatory string for the person's real name, or username.
- **`contact`** An optional object for the person's contact information. The same as upper level [**`contact`**](#contact).

```json
"authors": [
    "Me!",
    {
        "name": "Tiny Potato",
        "contact": {
          "homepage": "https://fabricmc.net",
          "sources": "https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-example-mod"
        }
    }
]
```

#### License {#license}

- **`license`** A string or array that defines the licensing information.

This should provide the complete set of preferred licenses conveying the entire mod package. In other words, compliance with all listed licenses should be sufficient for usage, redistribution, etc. of the mod package as a whole.

For cases where a part of code is dual-licensed, choose the preferred license. The list is not exhaustive, serves primarily as a kind of hint, and does not prevent you from granting additional rights/licenses on a case-by-case basis.

To aid automated tools, it is recommended to use [SPDX License Identifiers](https://spdx.org/licenses/) for open-source licenses.

```json
"license": "CC0-1.0"
```

#### Icon {#icon}

> - **`icon`** A string or dictionary that defines the mod's icon. Icons are square PNG files. (Minecraft resource packs use 128×128, but that is not a hard requirement - a power of two is, however, recommended.) Can be provided in one of two forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`icon`** A string or dictionary that defines the mod's icon. Icons are square PNG files. Minecraft resource packs use 128×128, but that is not a hard requirement - a power of two is, however, recommended. Can be provided in one of two forms:
```

  - A path to a single PNG file.
  - A dictionary of images widths to their files' paths.

```json

> "icon": "assets/modid/icon.png"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"icon": "assets/example-mod/icon.png"
```

---
title: fabric.mod.json
description: A guide to the `fabric.mod.json` specification.
authors:
  - cassiancc
  - falseresync
  - jamieswhiteshirt
  - IMB11
  - SolidBlock-cn
authors-nogithub:
  - skyland1a
resources:

>   https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/dev/1.15/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java: Source Code for fabric.mod.json v1 Spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/dev/1.16/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java: Source Code for fabric.mod.json v1 Spec
```

>   https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin/blob/master/README.md: Fabric Language Kotlin's Language Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin: Fabric Language Kotlin's Language Provider
```

```json
"accessWidener": "example-mod.classtweaker"
```

### Provides {#provides}

- **`provides`**： An array of mod IDs that will be aliases for the mod. Fabric Loader will treat these IDs as if the respective mods exist. If any other mod uses one of them, it will not be loaded.

```json
"provides": [
   "example_mod"
]
```

## Dependency Resolution {#dependency-resolution}

The following keys will accept a dictionary of dependencies. For more details on how to structure the dictionary, see below:

- **`depends`**: For dependencies required to run. **If any are missing, Fabric Loader will trigger a crash**.
- **`recommends`**: For dependencies not required to run. For each missing dependency, Fabric Loader will log a warning.
- **`suggests`**: For dependencies not required to run. Use this as a kind of metadata.
- **`breaks`**: For mods whose together with yours might cause a game crash. **If any are present, Fabric Loader will trigger a crash**.
- **`conflicts`**: For mods whose together with yours cause some kind of bugs, etc. For each conflicting mod present, Fabric Loader will log a warning.

### Semantic Versioning {#semantic-versioning}

> The key of each entry is the Mod ID of the dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key of each entry is the mod ID of the dependency.
```

> The value of each key is a string or array of strings declaring supported version ranges of the dependency. In the case of an array, an "OR" relationship is assumed - that is, only one range has to match for the collective range to be satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of each key is a string or array of strings declaring supported version ranges of the dependency. If it's an array, only one of the ranges has to match for the constraint to be satisfied.
```

::: details Examples for a dependency on 26.1 and 26.1.1

- `[26.1, 26.1.1]` - Will only load on 26.1 and 26.1.1, none of their snapshots, pre-releases, release candidates, or the April Fools version 26w14a (parsed by Fabric as `26.1.1-alpha.26.14.a`).
- `>26 <26.2` - [Will load on all versions higher than 26 and lower than 26.2](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/%3E26%20%3C26.2/26.1.0), including all snapshots, pre-releases, release candidates, but also the nonexistent 26.0 versions.
- `>=26.1 <26.2` - [Will load on all versions greater than or equal to than 26.1 and lower than 26.2](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/%3E26%20%3C26.2/26.1.0), including 26.1 and any hotfixes for it, as well as snapshots, pre-releases, release candidates for these hotfixes..
- `26.1.x` - [Will load on any 26.1.x version](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/26.1.x/26.1), including snapshots, pre-releases, and release candidates for 26.1 and 26.1.1.
- `~26.1` - [Will load on any 26.1.x version](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/~26.1/26.1), including snapshots, pre-releases, and release candidates for 26.1 and 26.1.1.

> - `^26.1` - [Will load on any 26.x.x version](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/^26.1/26.1), including snapshots, pre-releases, and release candidates for 26.1, 26.2, and above, but not including 27.x.

Reviewer: It seems that many examples you provided mostly don't match with the Semver checker. For example: `>26 <26.2` does NOT match `26.1` on there. Either the Fabric checker works differently, so the checker is irrelevant, or the examples are inaccurate.

---

~~I have a question: does the range `26.1` match `26.1.2`? Because jubianchi's checker interprets `26.1` as `26.1.*`, which means it matches `26.1.2`.~~

~~Also: does Fabric understand that `26.1.0` should mean Tiny Takeover?~~

---

Please add this at the top of the file:

```md
<script setup lang="ts">
import { h } from "vue";

const Range = ({ r }) => h(
  "a", 
  { 
    href: `https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/${encodeURIComponent(r)}/26.1.2`,
    target: "_blank",
    rel: "noreferrer",
  }, 
  h("code", r)
);
</script>
```

then:

```suggestion
Here are some examples of ranges and what they indicate. Try using [jubianchi's Semver check](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/) to test which values will satisfy the constraint.

| Range | Description | Matches | Clashes |
| ----- | ----------- | ------- | ------- |
| <Range r="*" /> | Any version (not recommended) | `26.1.2`, `24w14potato`... | _none_ |
| <Range r="26.1.2" /> | Exact version only | `26.1.2` | `26.1`, `26.1.1`, `26.2`... |
| <Range r="26.1.0 \|\| 26.1.1" /> | Either range | `26.1.0`, `26.1.1` | `26.1.2`, `26.2`... |
| <Range r="[26.1.0, 26.1.1]" /> | Equivalent to `26.1.0 \|\| 26.1.1` | `26.1`, `26.1.1` | `26.1.2`, `26.2`... |
| <Range r=">26" /> | Above a version (exclusive) | `26.1.2`, `26.2`... | `26`, `25.x`... |
| <Range r=">=26.1" /> | At or above a version (inclusive) | `26.1`, `26.1.2`, `26.2`... | `26.0`, `25.x`... |
| <Range r="<=26.1" /> | At or below a version (inclusive) | `26.1`, `26.0`, `25.x`... | `26.1.2`, `26.2`... |
| <Range r=">26 <26.2" /> | Between two versions (both exclusive) | `26.1`, `26.1.2`, snapshots... | `26`, `26.2`... |
| <Range r=">=26.1 <26.2" /> | Between two versions (inclusive lower bound) | `26.1`, `26.1.2`, snapshots... | `26.0`, `26.2`... |
| <Range r="26.1.x" /> | Any patch of a minor version | `26.1`, `26.1.2`, snapshots... | `26.2`, `27.x`... |
| <Range r="~26.1" /> | Same as `26.1.x` | `26.1`, `26.1.2`, snapshots... | `26.2`, `27.x`... |
| <Range r="^26.1" /> | Any version in the same major | `26.1.2`, `26.2`, `26.3`... | `25.x`, `27.x`... |
```

Note: Prettier will flag this because the columns will not be padded properly. Sorry!

Also: maybe it'd be cleaner if this were a global component in `.vitepress/theme/components/Range.vue`; I'll probably fix that after this review is implemented.

Author: Providing a dependency range of `26.1` would fail on 26.1.2 as I believe Fabric converts it to 26.1.0, this would be a difference from the semver checker.

Reviewer: Ah, that makes sense! This means Fabric's version checker is not compatible with Node.js'. I'm not saying it needs to be, but let's mention that `26.1` means `26.1.0`

---
title: fabric.mod.json
description: A guide to the `fabric.mod.json` specification.
authors:
  - cassiancc
  - falseresync
  - jamieswhiteshirt
  - IMB11
  - SolidBlock-cn
authors-nogithub:
  - skyland1a
resources:
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/dev/1.15/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java: Source Code for fabric.mod.json v1 Spec
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin/blob/master/README.md: Fabric Language Kotlin's Language Provider
  https://spdx.org/licenses/: SPDX License Identifiers
  https://semver.org/: Semantic Versioning
  https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/: Semantic Version Comparison Tool
---

The `fabric.mod.json` file is a metadata file used by Fabric Loader to load mods. It must be placed in the JAR's root directory for the mod to get loaded.

A predefined `fabric.mod.json` file is included in the template mod, or it can be [generated by Fabric Loom](../loom/tasks#fabric-mod-json).

> You can consult the [full specification for `fabric.mod.json` v1 here](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/-/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java), or see an example `fabric.mod.json` file below - this is the `fabric.mod.json` file for the mod that powers this documentation site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can consult the [source code of the specification for `fabric.mod.json` v1](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/-/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java). You will also find the `fabric.mod.json` file used by this website's Example Mod below.
```

::: details `fabric.mod.json` of the Example Mod

> @[code lang=json](@/reference/latest/src/main/resources/fabric.mod.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<< @/reference/latest/src/main/resources/fabric.mod.json
```

- `>=26.1 <26.2` - [Will load on all versions greater than or equal to than 26.1 and lower than 26.2](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/%3E26%20%3C26.2/26.1.0), including 26.1 and any hotfixes for it, as well as snapshots, pre-releases, release candidates for these hotfixes..
- `26.1.x` - [Will load on any 26.1.x version](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/26.1.x/26.1), including snapshots, pre-releases, and release candidates for 26.1 and 26.1.1.
- `~26.1` - [Will load on any 26.1.x version](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/~26.1/26.1), including snapshots, pre-releases, and release candidates for 26.1 and 26.1.1.
- `^26.1` - [Will load on any 26.x.x version](https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/^26.1/26.1), including snapshots, pre-releases, and release candidates for 26.1, 26.2, and above, but not including 27.x.

:::

```json
"depends": {
    "example-mod": "*",
    "minecraft": [
        "26.1",
        "26.1.1"
    ]
}
"suggests": {
    "another-mod": ">1.0.0"
}
```

> ## Metadata {#metadata}

Reviewer: I'd move this after Mandatory Fields, before Mod Loading.

- **`name`**: A string that defines the user-friendly mod's name. If not present, assume it matches **id**.

> - **`description`**: A string that defines the mod's description. If not present, assume empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`name`**: A string that defines the user-friendly mod name. If not present, defaults to the **id**.
- **`description`**: A string that defines the mod's description. If not present, defaults to an empty string.
```

Author: What do you mean by tagline? This isn't generally a short slogan, most descriptions are paragraphs.

Reviewer: mb, thought it was this thing

<img width="422" height="331" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1ad6ca00-2e8a-401d-bff0-d39cb37dd58b" />

Author: It can be - Mod Menu uses it for both the description and the summary unless the user specifies a proper summary via its translation API.
<img width="3070" height="443" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/796d45ba-eadf-496e-9724-4bee35805ef3" />
<img width="3070" height="443" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0407f177-d942-40d8-82e2-6ed837af3ab0" />

```json

> "name": "Example mod",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"name": "Example Mod",
```

"description": "This is an example description! Tell everyone what your mod is about!",
```

### Contact {#contact}

- **`contact`**: A dictionary that defines the contact information for the project.
  - **`email`**: A string that defines the contact e-mail pertaining to the mod. Must be a valid e-mail address.
  - **`homepage`**: A string that defines the project or user's homepage. Must be a valid HTTP/HTTPS address.
  - **`irc`**: A string that defines the IRC channel pertaining to the mod. Must be of a valid URL format - for example: `irc://irc.esper.net:6667/charset` for `#charset` at EsperNet - the port is optional, and assumed to be 6667 if not present.
  - **`issues`**: A string that defines the project's issue tracker. Must be a valid HTTP/HTTPS address.
  - **`sources`**: A string that defines the project's source code repository. Must be a valid URL - it can, however, be a specialized URL for a given VCS (such as Git or Mercurial).

> The list is not exhaustive - mods may provide additional, non-standard keys (such as **`discord`**, **`slack`**, **`twitter`**, etc) - if possible, they should be valid URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`contact`**: A dictionary that defines the contact information for the project. Some common fields include:

- **`email`**: A string that defines the contact e-mail pertaining to the mod. Must be a valid e-mail address.
- **`homepage`**: A string that defines the project or user's homepage. Must be a valid HTTP/HTTPS address.
- **`irc`**: A string that defines the IRC channel pertaining to the mod. Must be of a valid URL format - for example: `irc://irc.esper.net:6667/charset` for `#charset` at EsperNet - the port is optional, and assumed to be 6667 if not present.
- **`issues`**: A string that defines the project's issue tracker. Must be a valid HTTP/HTTPS address.
- **`sources`**: A string that defines the project's source code repository. Must be a valid URL - it can, however, be a specialized URL for a given VCS (such as Git or Mercurial).

The list is not exhaustive - mods may provide additional non-standard keys, such as **`discord`**, **`slack`**, **`twitter`**... If possible, those should be valid URLs.
```

Based on what are those keys "standard"? Is it in the source code, or is this claim of standardness only present on the Wiki?

Reviewer 2: I think these are inherited from the original craftson mod JSON spec, except for the irc and email entries.

Author: That's just from the wiki. Some of them are definitely standard in that they have special behaviour in Mod Menu, but that line can probably be omitted.

```json
"contact": {
    "homepage": "https://fabricmc.net",

>     "sources": "https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-example-mod"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "homepage": "https://docs.fabricmc.net/",
    "sources": "https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-docs"
```

- **`contributors`** An array of contributors to the mod. Entries can be either a string or an object with the fields listed below.

Fields:

- **`name`** A mandatory string for the person's real name, or username.
- **`contact`** An optional object for the person's contact information. The same as upper level [**`contact`**](#contact).

```json
"authors": [
    "Me!",
    {
        "name": "Tiny Potato",
        "contact": {
          "homepage": "https://fabricmc.net",
          "sources": "https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-example-mod"
        }
    }
]
```

### License {#license}

- **`license`** A string or array that defines the licensing information.

This should provide the complete set of preferred licenses conveying the entire mod package. In other words, compliance with all listed licenses should be sufficient for usage, redistribution, etc. of the mod package as a whole.

For cases where a part of code is dual-licensed, choose the preferred license. The list is not exhaustive, serves primarily as a kind of hint, and does not prevent you from granting additional rights/licenses on a case-by-case basis.

> To aid automated tools, it is recommended to use [SPDX License Identifiers](https://spdx.org/licenses/) for open-source licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To aid automated tools, it is recommended to use [SPDX License Identifiers](https://spdx.org/licenses/) for open-source licenses.

::: info

This should provide the minimal set of licenses that satisfy the entire mod package. In other words, someone seeking to use or redistribute your mod should only need to comply with the licenses listed here.

If parts of your code are dual-licensed, choose the preferred license.

This list does not necessarily forbid you from granting additional rights or applying different licenses for certain people on a case-by-case basis.

:::
```

I added the info container to break up the long text—feel free to ignore

```json

> "license": "CC0-1.0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"license": "CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0"
```

this is the Example Mod's current license. I reiterate: CC is horrible for code though.

---
title: fabric.mod.json
description: A guide to the `fabric.mod.json` specification.
authors:
  - cassiancc
  - falseresync
  - jamieswhiteshirt
  - IMB11
  - SolidBlock-cn
authors-nogithub:
  - skyland1a
resources:
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom/blob/dev/1.16/src/main/java/net/fabricmc/loom/api/fmj/FabricModJsonV1Spec.java: Source Code for fabric.mod.json v1 Spec
  https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-language-kotlin: Fabric Language Kotlin's Language Provider
  https://spdx.org/licenses/: SPDX License Identifiers
  https://semver.org/: Semantic Versioning
  https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/: Semantic Version Comparison Tool
---

<!-- markdownlint-configure-file { MD033: { allowed_elements: [script, Range] } } -->

<script setup lang="ts">
import { h } from "vue";

const Range = ({ r }) => h(
  "a",
  {

>     href: `https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/${encodeURIComponent(r)}/26.1.2`,

Reviewer: This should make it so that `26.1` is read by the checker as `26.1.0`, just like Fabric does

```suggestion
    href: `https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/${encodeURIComponent(r.replace(/[0-9]+[.][0-9]+(?![.])/, "$0.0"))}/26.1.2`,
```

>     href: `https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/${encodeURIComponent(r.replace(/[0-9]+[.][0-9]+(?![.])/, "$0.0"))}/26.1.2`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    href: `https://jubianchi.github.io/semver-check/#/${encodeURIComponent(r.replaceAll(/(?<![0-9.])[0-9]+[.][0-9]+(?![.])/, "$&.0"))}/26.1.2`,
```
